docs(connections): add example of registering connection event handlers (#14150)
Automattic/mongoose: docs/connections.md

* `disconnecting`: Your app called [`Connection#close()`](api/connection.html#connection_Connection-close) to disconnect from MongoDB. This includes calling `mongoose.disconnect()`, which calls `close()` on all connections.
* `disconnected`: Emitted when Mongoose lost connection to the MongoDB server. This event may be due to your code explicitly closing the connection, the database server crashing, or network connectivity issues.
* `close`: Emitted after [`Connection#close()`](api/connection.html#connection_Connection-close) successfully closes the connection. If you call `conn.close()`, you'll get both a 'disconnected' event and a 'close' event.
* `reconnected`: Emitted if Mongoose lost connectivity to MongoDB and successfully reconnected. Mongoose attempts to [automatically reconnect](https://thecodebarbarian.com/managing-connections-with-the-mongodb-node-driver.html) when it loses connection to the database.
* `error`: Emitted if an error occurs on a connection, like a `parseError` due to malformed data or a payload larger than [16MB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/limits/#BSON-Document-Size).

> When you're connecting to a single MongoDB server (a ["standalone"](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/cloud-manager/tutorial/deploy-standalone/)), Mongoose will emit 'disconnected' if it gets
> disconnected from the standalone server, and 'connected' if it successfully connects to the standalone. In a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're connecting to a single MongoDB server (a ["standalone"](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/cloud-manager/tutorial/deploy-standalone/)), Mongoose will emit `disconnected` if it gets
disconnected from the standalone server, and `connected` if it successfully connects to the standalone. In a
```

> [replica set](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/replication/), Mongoose will emit 'disconnected' if it loses connectivity to the replica set primary, and 'connected' if it manages to reconnect to the replica set primary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[replica set](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/replication/), Mongoose will emit `disconnected` if it loses connectivity to the replica set primary, and `connected` if it manages to reconnect to the replica set primary.
```

If you are using `mongoose.connect()`, you can use the following to listen to the above events:

```javascript
mongoose.connection.on('connected', () => console.log('connected'));
mongoose.connection.on('open', () => console.log('open'));
mongoose.connection.on('disconnected', () => console.log('disconnected'));
mongoose.connection.on('reconnected', () => console.log('reconnected'));
mongoose.connection.on('disconnecting', () => console.log('disconnecting'));
mongoose.connection.on('close', () => console.log('close'));

mongoose.connect('mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/mongoose_test');
```

With `mongoose.createConnection()`, use the following instead:

```javascript
const conn = mongoose.createConnection('mongodb://127.0.0.1:27017/mongoose_test');

conn.on('connected', () => console.log('connected'));

> conn.on('open', () => console.log('open'));

Reviewer: minor unrelated question, does this way actually fire `connected` and `open` or is the connection done first and the events setup later?

Author: Yeah this way does fire `connected` and `open`, because connection happens asynchronously, so must happen on at least next tick of event loop, which would be after the event handlers are registered.
